What the **** was that?
You alright?
What happened?
**** that. Nope.
Nope, nope, nope.
What is it?
Holy ****.
Crazy-ass ****
is happening down here.
We're coming right now.
They are the spirit hunters.
I feel something
behind me.
They are who people call
when they are tormented
By entities that circled back,
night after night.
Entities bent on destroying
the lives of the living.
Holy!
Does this look
like the night
That you were murdered?
These spirits
are often trapped,
Repeating the same trauma
over and over.
The mission of the spirit
hunters is to help the living
By breaking the cycle
of the ghost loop.
The spirit hunters
are in palatka, florida.
It's a small town in the north
central part of the state,
About 100 miles
north of orlando.
Theresa has called
the team for help
With a ghost loop haunting
That has terrorized
her whole family.
I see her crawling out of one
bedroom, through the hallway,
Up the ceiling,
into the other bedroom.
It keeps coming back.
Theresa has lived on
this 22-acre plot of land
All her life,
Which has been handed down
in the family
Throughout the generations.
Total shift of energy once
we drove in here, right, guys?
Theresa reports
being repeatedly visited
By a female entity
Who terrorizes her family
on a nightly basis.
This place is probably
really creepy at night.
Yeah.
We're on a mission to help
any individuals
In the country
that are experiencing
Any sort of negative energy,
where they don't feel like
They're safe in their home.
What theresa's experiencing is a
ghost loop.
And the spirit hunters
are here to break that loop.
But before they do,
kris and sean want to hear
Theresa's story firsthand.
So I know we've talked
on the phone.
Can you go into, like,
description
Of exactly what you've been
seeing and experiencing?
When I see her,
she's in one end of the house,
Which is the hallway.
And she'll come out
from my boy's bedroom,
Crawling on the ceiling...
...And then into my other son's
room, over and over again.
Crawling around...
Yes.
...Over and over again
through the hallway.
Absolutely.
When I walk into a room,
I can feel the energy,
And there's definitely
a negative presence there.
Her skin is, like, disfigured,
gray, just matted long hair,
And it's black and it's dirty,
and it's very frightening.
How long has it been?
It's been about, um...
Over five years.
Wow.
So a really long time.
Really,
really long time.
The entity appears
in her younger son's bedroom,
Crawls across the ceiling...
And into her eldest son's room.
And as a mother,
knowing that something is going
From one of your son's bedroom
to another son's bedroom is...
...Y-you just --
it terrifies you
And you just don't know
what to do.
And you can't really talk
to people about it.
I know that this is a pretty
massive property.
What are some of the things
that has happened here,
That you're aware of?
History-wise.
My grandmother said that there
are multiple
Stillborn babies
buried out here.
In the early 20th century,
stillborn deaths were common.
Those stillborns
went unregistered
Because the poor families
of the area
Couldn't afford to pay
for both the birth and death
Certificates that were required,
due to an 1874 law.
That meant women
were often forced
To bury their stillborns
in wooded areas,
In secret,
under the cover of night.
We lived in another part of
this property in a mobile home,
While we were waiting
to build this house.
And we would hear a baby cry.
Actually where I was living,
Just a few feet from that
is where I was told
That they were buried.
How has this ghost loop affected
your life with your family,
Your friends?
So I don't have people over.
My grandchildren can't even come
over and stay with me anymore.
What if it tried
to harm somebody?
I want my house back,
I want my family back.
I'm ready to get some help
and I'm ready to put this
All behind me
and move on with my life.
Yeah. Theresa,
we're here for you.
The team splits up for
the preliminary investigation
Of theresa's massive property.
Kris, matt, and califf
will investigate
The site of the ghost loop.
Meanwhile, sean and eric go
to the stillborn burial grounds.
They follow the hunch
that the loop is connected
To a stillborn buried here.
There's been a lot of things
that have happened
In that hallway.
She's seen, like,
a decrepit lady.
What are you thinking?
Pull an evp session real quick?
Yeah.
Alright, were doing
an evp session right now
In theresa's house.
Is there anybody here
tonight,
That would like
to speak with us?
If anyone is here,
can you show us a sign?
I keep looking in that hallway.
I don't know why.
Well, I'm looking up there
right now
And I could have sworn
I saw something shift.
It almost looked like the
speaker moved,
Because it's so black.
So I don't know if
I'm actually seeing
A ball of black energy.
Yeah. Still rolling
on the recorder.
It looked like a shift.
Like this thing
right here just moved.
Is that the sign?
Did you show us that sign?
Hey, kris.
Kris, matt,
and califf enter the room
Where the ghost loop begins.
The entire time you guys
were out there,
In here there's been
pops and creaks
And all types of stuff.
Okay.
There's something
happening here and --
Do you feel that?
That's the energy.
Do you feel tense?
Because I feel super tense.
Yeah. I walked in here
in chills.
You have chills and it's obvious
that you can feel that.
Yeah.
Where do you feel worst?
Here.
Towards the back?
Back closet?
Do you have a light?
What do you feel?
God, dude, that is like...
My gosh, guys.
There's definitely
something here.
At the same time,
sean and eric
Travel to the stillborn
burial grounds.
Immediately
we were walking up,
I felt pressure on my chest.
It was as if I couldn't
breathe for a second.
I'm going to bring
a phasma box out in this.
A phasma box is a database
of sound samples
That these spirits
can manipulate into words.
And see if we can get
some confirmations
That could be linked to what's
going on in theresa home.
Okay. Sounds good.
If there's any energies here,
we appreciate
If you come forward and speak
with us, use these devices.
Talk to me,
I'm sensitive to your energy.
So we can figure out
what happened to you.
Definitely got a creepy vibe
down here, man.
How close are we to --
Watching?
Are you watching us?
How close are we to where
the babies are buried?
Am I standing near it?
Did it say,
"that was my son"?
It sounded like,
"that was my son."
Did you lose a son?
"I did,"
in a female voice.
My god. Wow.
I got chills, because
that's been my impression.
Are you hearing
something?
Something creeping up
behind sean?
Something's moving.
Dude, did you ****
just hear that?
What happened?
I just heard
a **** kid.
I just heard a baby noise.
You heard a
disembodied voice?
Disembodied,
I **** you not.
The spirit hunters
are in palatka, florida,
Investigating a ghost loop
Terrorizing local residents,
theresa, and her family.
Night after night,
the spirit emerges
From theresa's
youngest son's room,
Crawls along the ceiling to then
enter her eldest son's room.
The team has split up
to perform
A preliminary investigation
of the property.
While eric and sean investigate
the stillborn burial grounds.
Dude, did you
**** just hear that?
What happened?
I just heard
a **** kid.
What is this?
Kris, matt, and califf
Investigate the scene
of the ghost loop.
This closet is what I was
drawn to first.
Really?
What is this?
Why are there holes
in the wall?
She did mention that her sons
made the holes in the walls.
She said that it was
kind of out of anger,
So I'm just wondering
if something
Provoked their energy.
Look at this.
Often the young are targeted
by aggressive spirits,
Because they are closer
to the spirit world.
This can lead to the child
embodying the spirits
And their negative energy.
My thought right now is that
this thing is still hiding.
While kris, matt, and califf
Are investigating the house,
Sean and eric are at
the stillborn burial grounds.
I just heard a **** kid.
I just heard a baby noise.
You just heard
a disembodied voice?
Disembodied.
It wasn't like a baby cry.
It was like a baby noise,
like a little humming.
Recording a disembodied voice
one can hear with a human ear,
Is considered a class
a voice phenomenon,
Which means this spirit
has incredible energy.
Are you trying
to get our attention?
The phasma box goes quiet,
So eric and sean expand
their investigation area.
Did that just say "eric"?
Did you just say my name?
Why don't you try doing
a spirit box session?
Alright.
Anyone here
want to communicate with us?
Sean just heard
little baby cries.
That you trying
to get our attention?
Something here is just draining
the batteries in the spirit box.
Gone forever.
Gone forever. My god.
If we go back to the baby
grave site,
Will you point to where
they're buried for us?
Yes.
Yes. Let's go.
Let's go.
This room feels gross,
like heavy and gross.
As soon as I walked in,
my heart started to race
And I can feel coldness
in my arms.
Well, what do
you want to do?
I think I need
a few minutes in here.
By yourself?
By myself.
Whatever you need.
I'm good. I'm good.
Let's do it.
Being an empath,
kris knows she can summon
The entity more easily
if she isolates herself
From the rest of the team.
I'm going
to grab a walkie...
Okay.
...And then we'll have one
out there too.
So if anything happens,
We're watching you
and we can hear you.
Okay.
Okay?
Yeah.
I've set up three infrared
dvr cameras.
I have one camera set up
in the back bedroom
Shooting towards that closet.
This is the room where
the ghost loop originates.
I have another camera shooting
right down the hallway,
This is where
the spirit travels
Along the ceiling
from the back bedroom.
And then the last camera
is in the other bedroom,
Which is where
the spirit travels to.
Check, check, check.
Alright. I'm going
to try to trigger this thing.
You know that I'm here.
I know you know who I am.
What was that?
I know you made that sound.
That's why I'm here.
So we're going to hang out
for a few minutes.
I want to know
why you're making
Theresa feel the way
she's feeling.
Alright, matt.
Head to the hallway,
Stand by the door, in case
we need you back there quickly.
Okay,
you got the walkie?
I got the walkie.
I'm getting really hot.
Am I getting really hot,
Because you're trying
to enter my energy field?
Are you making me
burn up right now?
Ride the corner,
make sure that if we need
To move in quick, we can.
Tell us why you're here.
He's watching the closet.
You'll mess with theresa. Why?
Because her energy
is vulnerable,
Because you broke her down?
She's lost friends,
it's ruined relationships.
And that's what you wanted.
But why?
Tell me why.
I'm sensing a female energy.
We're going to the closet now.
We've got no eyes
on the closet whatsoever.
It really pisses me off, that
you could ruin someone's life.
I feel something behind me.
Okay, you're here.
Tell me why you're doing this.
- Something just happened to her.
- Yep.
I can feel you.
Guys, I'm getting a whiff
of that sulfur smell.
Now that kris
has summoned the entity...
Copy that.
...Califf and matt
Bring in a spirit box
to communicate.
So what's the obsession
with these two rooms?
What are you afraid of?
Are you afraid that we hold
the key to end this loop?
Wow.
My god.
What was that?
Theresa and her family
are being plagued
By the ghost loop
of a female entity
Crawling from one of theresa's
son's rooms to another.
While sean and eric investigate
the stillborn burial ground,
Kris, matt, and califf,
make contact with who they think
Is the female energy
causing the loop.
What's the obsession
with these two rooms?
What are you afraid of?
Are you afraid that we hold
the key to end this loop?
My god.
What was that?
Did we hit a nerve?
I felt that.
I don't mean to be scared,
but, like, holy ****.
My god.
The spirit just jabbed me.
This thing has a lot of energy.
It's scary,
but I won't let it bully me.
Did you poke me in my side?
Didn't hurt, so good try,
but it tickled.
Sounded like a kid.
Sounded like
a **** kid.
My god. Guys, maybe there's
a child trying to come through.
Or it's the ghost loop,
pretending to be a child.
While califf, matt, and kris
continue their investigation
In the home,
a spirit has led
Sean and eric back to
the stillborn burial grounds.
They bring out the sls camera,
Which shows the spirits
in the form of stick figures.
I want you to show us where
the babies are buried.
My god.
It's right next
to you, bro.
Are you serious?
It's over your left shoulder.
Dude.
Man.
A spirit reached out to us
and said, "this is my son."
I have to follow that lead.
Where you're standing
to the left of me,
Is that where
your son's buried?
Can you point to where
the baby's buried?
To the left?
Who's left? Sean's left?
But it must be,
that's where it's standing.
Yes, there it is.
So you're saying right
in this area here?
If a spirit
stops communicating,
Sometimes it's beneficial
to swap the questioner.
Here, switch it up.
This change in
personal energy
Can reopen the door
to the spirit world.
Who's the entity that was just
standing in front of sean?
Were you showing us where
the body's buried over there?
To your left.
It said to your left?
It said to your left.
That's the second
it's said that.
It's got to be right here.
That's two times.
Is this where
the baby's buried?
Di-- dude,
it said "dig it."
Is that what you
want us to do, dig?
Do it.
Dude, I'm in shock.
Me too.
We got some
incredible evidence, sean.
I began to form a theory
that the ghost keeps pushing us
To the stillborn burial ground.
Theresa told us
it was a female spirit,
Could it have
buried a baby here?
The preliminary investigation
of theresa's property
Has yielded
some incredible results.
Through the evidence, the team
has discovered a female entity
Along with a childlike voice
in the house.
While at the stillborn
burial grounds,
A spirit appeared to eric
and sean,
Said, "that was my son,"
and to, "dig a grave."
But there's one more lead
the team needs to follow.
Califf has uncovered evidence
of a bridge
On theresa's property
that has a tragic past.
Califf talks
to longtime resident
And former law
enforcement officer, doug.
How you doing today?
You know theresa
pretty well?
How familiar are you
with the property,
As far as old roads
and bridges?
There's signs of an old bridge
down here on the creek
And this road here
came all the way through
And that's where it crossed
the bridge down there.
The pylon is still there
from that bridge.-
Looking at the history
of the county,
There was an epidemic
as far as people being lynched
In the county
and the surrounding areas.
I had a picture of --
it's not very clear --
That someone gave me one time,
of a hanging, there.
And I was told it was the last
one that they did there.
What year?
I don't know,
I think it was
in the 1920s or something.
In the 1920s, florida
was a frontier state
With a history
of racial violence.
However, the town of palatka
was a well-known safe haven
Due to its tolerant but strict
sheriff, peter hagan.
In 1924, that all changed
when a new sheriff,
R.J. Hancock, was elected.
A known klan sympathizer,
Lynching and mob violence
became common.
That was the kind of thing
that was going on
Around the country,
Especially in the south.
Califf, kris, and matt decide
to investigate the old bridge
Where the lynchings
allegedly occurred,
To see if there's
a connection to the ghost loop.
It doesn't look like
many people come back here.
Probably a lot
of snakes.
Okay.
So if I scream, it's more
than likely a snake.
Matt, are you rolling?
Yeah.
I'm really feeling
this over here, guys.
Be careful through here,
it's all slick, man.
Got it.
I'm feeling that spot
right there by that tree.
Unless I missed my guess,
That's the foundation
of the old bridge.
Holy crap.
I got goose bumps.
It's really heavy.
People died here.
Yeah.
There's a lot of devastation and
unjust things that happened.
You guys want to get
the spirit box out?
Okay, so you know
why we're here,
We're here to investigate
this bridge.
Can you come through for us?
How do you feel
right now?
Really heavy pressure kind of
in the back of my head.
Right here in the back
of my neck.
Really?
Yes.
Yeah, it's still scary.
Just because it's during the day
does not mean we're comfortable.
It's still
a really weird vibe.
Were there
lynchings here?
What the hell was that?
Okay. Put the spirit box
on the foundation.
Does anybody need help?
Are you trapped by this bridge?
It said "yes."
My god.
Holy ****.
Although the team
has found evidence
Of a female spirit
in the house...
I'm sensing
a female energy.
...And in the stillborn
burial grounds...
Did you lose a son?
"I did,"
in a female voice.
...That could be causing the
ghost loop in theresa's home,
Califf is following another
lead of a high activity area
That was allegedly once used
for lynchings in the 1920s.
Put the spirit box
on the foundation.
Does anybody need help?
Are you trapped by this bridge?
It said yes.
My god.
This property is just bad.
Do you have anything
to do with the home?
Anything to do with that at all?
Are you a spirit from the house?
Although this residual energy
is an echo of a tragic past,
It's not connected
to the ghost loop,
And in no way is that going to
help us solve this mystery.
Alright, let's
wrap it up. Get back.
Now that the
investigation has concluded,
The team reconvenes
to go over the evidence.
It's been a crazy, crazy
couple of days, man.
I mean, we started off
in the house.
When I was in there
doing a spirit session,
I was poked right on my side.
My god.
What was that?
A child came through,
as well as a lady.
I feel something behind me.
Okay.
I'm sensing a female energy.
So sean and I went down
to the stillborn baby cemetery.
We were using the sls.
I actually saw an entity
appear next to sean.
My god, it's right
next to you, bro.
Are you serious?
It's over your
left shoulder.
Dude.
And we got a voice
out of the spirit box
That actually told us to dig.
- Are you, like --
- to the left.
Yeah, I'm getting goose bumps
talking about it.
Goose bumps, yeah,
right now.
And you know what's
most important,
Is that all these little pieces
of the puzzle
We're all pulling together here,
they're all correlating
With what theresa has told us
during our interview with her.
She'll come out
from my boy's bedroom,
Crawling on the ceiling.
It's just so frightening.
The repetitive haunting
of this thing,
Crawling around the ceiling
and going back and forth
To those two bedrooms
where her sons slept,
There's some sort of connection
of why
This thing is attracted
to the boy energy,
Because of this potential child
that was lost.
It's very possible
for this entity, this woman,
To be looking
for her child.
Yes.
Causing all this havoc
and wreaking all of this stuff
Because she can't
find her child.
I'm convinced this one entity
Trying to communicate
in different voices
Is a mother searching
for her child.
And I think that leads us
to our trigger environment.
Basically,
a trigger environment
Is a place
within a haunted location.
It's made in order
to provoke this spirit
And it's going to
come towards us
And we're going to get it out.
Considering what we experienced
over there in the grave site
And what we've experienced
in the house,
We should create
some sort of nursery.
A nursery will trigger
what the female spirit
May have hoped for in life --
bringing up a healthy baby boy.
And create some sort
of environment
As a proper burial
to the mother
And the child
near the grave site.
This trigger
environment will help the spirit
Cross over, where she will find
rest with her lost son.
We know the stillborns
were buried
At the turn of
the century.
The stillborn graveyard
stopped in the '20s,
So I think that
kind of gives us an idea
Of what time frame to make
this trigger environment.
A nursery and a grave site.
Lure the spirit out,
break this ghost loop.
A lot of these families are,
I mean, they're living in fear.
We're not here to just
capture activity and bail.
If we don't help these families,
our work is not done.
The spirit hunters
create two trigger environments.
The first, a turn-of-the-century
nursery in the room
Where the ghost loop
keeps returning.
The second, a ritual burial
That will unite the female
entity with her lost son.
The idea of
the trigger environment
Personalizes it
for that spirit.
So if that spirit's lost,
or scared, or angry,
We're essentially building a
superconductor for these things.
What the ****?
Who's that?
**** that.
Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope.
The spirit hunters
have identified the ghost loop
That is terrifying theresa,
As a mother searching
for her lost child.
Although theresa's family owned
this property for generations,
Theresa's grandmother witnessed
poor women of the area
Burying their stillborns
on the property.
At the turn of the 20th century,
56% of americans
lived below the poverty line
And the rate of stillborn births
was high.
Most of these women
had no recourse
But to bury these
lost souls in secret.
The spirit causing the ghost
loop is one of these women,
Desperately searching
for her lost child.
So the spirit hunters
have created
Two trigger environments.
A turn-of-the-century nursery
to lure the female entity.
Where the entity will be
reunited with her lost child
In their final resting place.
For this triggering,
the team has split into two.
Matt, kris, and califf
Will await the entity's arrival
at the grave site.
While eric and sean draw
the entity out to the nursery.
Alright, eric.
We have the back bedroom,
Which is on the top left.
We got the trigger environment
here on the top right
And then we have the hallway,
just in case the entity
Peeks its head out.
What I think we should do
is just start out
In the main trigger
environment.
Nursery.
Let's get
the gateway setup.
Yeah.
The gateway is actually
a glorified spirit box.
It actually sifts through
frequencies of a radio,
But on top of that
it has a gating noise
That actually eliminates
a lot of the white noise.
You can hear the spirits
talk clearer
And see what kind of
communication we can get
With this environment
we've creative.
Ready to get to
this graveyard.
Let's go.
My.
This is so much creepier
at night.
Yeah.
The stillborns being buried here
And just being left
to be forgotten about.
Just...
I mean, I don't even know what
I feel right now...
...As a dad.
I feel like I'm going
to throw up.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
What the hell was that?
I saw a light right here.
What do you feel, califf?
It's that constant feeling
of being watched.
God, it feels gross out here.
We placed the gateway
in the crib,
Because this is the most
emotionally charged area
Of the trigger environment.
The woman who
lost a child,
Can you come forward
and say something?
Use this device,
project your energy through it.
What the hell was that?
What was that?
My god.
It's smoking.
The gateway is smoking, sean.
Smoke coming out of it.
Are you kidding me?
Eric to matt.
Go for matt.
When you used the gateway
last night,
Did you fiddle with
any of the wires at all?
It's smoking. We heard a loud
popping noise and it's smoking.
I didn't do anything.
I didn't unplug anything.
I didn't plug anything in.
I didn't do anything
to that thing.
Copy that.
As soon as we put it into
the trigger environment, boom.
We've been using this for over
a year, this has never happened.
This thing
is definitely pissed.
Spirits can sabotage equipment
by creating power surges.
Sean replaces the gateway
with a tablet spirit box
To communicate with the entity.
You were seen crawling along
the hallway up on the ceiling.
We want to see you.
You can pop all of our equipment
all you want,
But in the end,
our faith protects us
And you're going to leave
theresa alone.
Free me. I think it just said,
"free me."
I'm going to
free you, ma'am.
We are going to do everything
we can to help you.
Please.
She just screamed, "please."
What just happened?
Are you kidding me?
No way. Dude.
You're kidding me.
I'm feeling really weird
in here right now, bro.
My tablet just popped.
It made a pop noise
and it's completely dead.
This -- that -- now that --
now that turns --
Makes it really weird, man.
Eric to matt.
I hope they're
alright right out there.
It seems like califf
is feeling something.
Yeah.
What the ****
was that?
You alright?
What happened?
**** that.
Nope, nope, nope, nope.
What? What?
**** that.
What?
What is it?
After building a
nursery trigger environment
To lure the female entity
looking for her son,
Eric and sean were
able to engage
The spirit in the nursery.
Free me. I think it just said,
"free me."
But after a power surge
From the entity
blows up their equipment...
Eric to matt.
...The spirit disappears.
Eric and I brought
the spirit to the nursery
To tell it we'll cross it over.
Our hope is that it's gone to
the second trigger environment,
So we can reunite her
with her son.
I just hope the rest
of the team are ready.
What the ****
was that?
You alright?
What happened?
**** that.
Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope.
What?
What is it?
Holy ****.
Holy ****!
Dude, I've never seen him
like that.
Holy **** dude, no.
No.
Dude, this thing
is going off.
Look at this.
Are you good?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no.
What happened?
Do you copy, eric?
Are you guys alright
out there?
Yeah, you guys need
to come down here.
Things are getting weird.
We're coming right now.
We're walking out
of the house right now.
anyway, I've
been doing this for a long time.
I was looking on the tree line
I saw a red flash of light,
So I figured might as well
get over there quick
And see what that was.
And as soon as I go over there,
I came up the hill,
I looked down and it was like
the nastiest face
You could possibly imagine was
like right there just looking.
But I've never seen
anything that was like,
You're coming to hell, like,
you're coming with me.
Ever in my life.
And it just...
Was it a lady?
Yeah.
If you can imagine
a woman's face
And all the life
being sucked out of it,
That's pretty much
what you would see.
What's going on
down there, man?
Califf went off by himself
Down in the little graveyard,
Looks down
and sees a face of a woman.
We're getting really,
really close to the exact answer
We need to close
this ghost loop.
Copy that.
Over and out.
I've never seen him act
like that.
Here come
the guys now.
You guys alright?
Not even close.
It was crazy in there.
I've never been happier
to see you guys in my life.
It's been an incredible,
one hell of a night.
But how do we end this?
Alright guys, by creating
The first trigger
environment in the home,
We definitely lured
this spirit out
And it messed with
all of our equipment.
You guys were out here
and created
This trigger environment.
It was lured out here.
The team regroups
to speak to the entity
That has revealed
itself to califf.
Whoever suffered here
and led to a tragic death,
You deserve to find peace.
I am sick and tired
of watching my back.
It is on you, dude.
Are you saying
something's attached to him?
What is attached to me?
Grave.
It just said grave.
I heard that.
So if the grave is attached
to me,
What would happen if I brought
the grave to the graveyard?
So this thing's attached
to me
And it's attached to me
because I'm a dad.
I'm going to walk
to the cemetery.
I'm going to lay
in that coffin.
Why don't you come join me?
You got holy water on you?
Of course I do.
Okay.
By putting myself down there,
I was essentially bringing
her down there with me.
You know, this is not part
of what I bargained for.
Alright.
What do you want from me?
Weird thing --
definitely colder.
It just said kindred spirits.
Kindred spirits could
mean the female entity
Has chosen califf to bring
her to the grave
Because he is a parent.
What we're missing here
is the little child here.
He knows best what
kind of pain she went through.
With califf placing the doll
in the casket,
The team unites
this female entity
With her long-lost child...
...And they will find peace.
Goodnight, little one.
This right here,
This is us taking it
to the next level
And showing the respect
and a true memorial
To what this poor woman
went through, losing her child.
Please lord, bring forth the
white light of the holy ghost
And let this woman
and this child
Who have suffered
truly tragic deaths, find peace
And go towards the light
to be with their loved ones
Where they truly deserve to be.
We ask you this through christ,
our lord.
Amen.
Performing the ritual burial,
we are breaking the loop.
I actually got
a flash of a white dove.
I truly believe that we sent her
in the light tonight.
Theresa, we came in and we
figured out who this entity was,
And it was a mother
looking for her child.
We believe that her entity
is attracted to you
Because you're a mother.
She wants what you have
and she's envious
And if you think about it,
she was going back and forth
Between both
of your sons' rooms.
That constant loop of energy.
She's looking for something.
And losing a child
is terrible.
No one needs to go through that.
No one should.
Yeah, I can't imagine.
I mean, as a mother, I just,
I can't even think of it.
And by acknowledging that
and showing her a proper burial,
Especially for her child,
We helped her
to find peace and rest.
God, what a tragic thing.
I feel like the energy has
changed a lot in the house.
I do, too. I feel like
you're more relaxed.
You know, we blessed
the property.
We put holy water
and blessed salt
In every corner
of every room of this house.
We said prayers
and put blessed medals
In the four corners
of the property
To keep
the negative energy out.
Thank you.
It's going to
take me a little while
To wrap my head
around all of it
Because I've been, in my mind
thinking it was evil,
When in fact it was just
something crying for help.
So now that she's found what
she's been looking for,
It's over.
Thank you guys so much.
I can't even begin to...
Alright, so you always
have our support theresa.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, theresa.
God bless.
You have no idea how much
this means to me. Thank you.
Absolutely.
Yeah, it goes
beyond this.
Bye pookey.
We're always here.
I know you are.
Thank you.